You find yourself in Defcon's primo business, The Garage! Keep your head down!
"Irashaimasen!" You're in an old ramen shop w quaint fixtures and faded menus.
"Helping with tune-ups?" Tools buzz loudly as the mechanics revive old junkers!
The lights are off. From the door lock, you've likely reached a control room.
You're in an arcade room screaming of the 80s. Good games, good times!  A
monolithic humanoid robot towers with cables fanning from its back!  You hear
echos. A forgotten traincar is parked with DEFCON across the side. As you look
around the platform, OSHA would not approve. Lift Buttons appear.  The rhythmic
sweep of the light searches for any runaways!  The panopticon is surrounded by
occupied prisoner cells. I've got my eye on you!   The chapel is here for a
little soulsearching...or off the market trades... You feel the metal shift
under your weight on the gridded iron steps.  The interrogation room lets just
enough light in to give you hope. But then...  They say the containment
chamber's for reeducation purposes. The cameras monitoring all of the prison
and prison cells can be seen here. Guards relax in the breakroom.  An occasional
drip comes from the pipes above.  Friday night, and a double feature is on the
drive-in screen!  Popcorn? Yay! You find yourself in the grandiose lobby of
the classic 1920s theater.  Drama! Intrigue! Suspense! It's a limited showing of
a highly anticipated movie! The stage hides pulleys, props and scenes from the
careful eye of the audience. The audience filters excitedly from outside. The
reviews were amazing!  The audience bustles overhead. You're under the stands,
by the controls.   Belly of the complex. You can feel the beat as the band
performs. *wub wub* A sign reads: Floor L: Drive-In...S1: Movies...S2: Wide
Hall...S3: Concert Hall The bell tolls daily for all those seeking knowledge!
An impressive dome illuminates the cozy library reading room.  The first
basement of books awaits exploration.  There may be something to find!   The
archives house paintings and figures, and stacks of books not yet filed.   Down
the ladder is the cherished collection of ancient. scripts and symbols Valuable
paintings adorn the gallery - the owner is said to have left secrets.  The old
card catalog is housed here.  You can find references to all texts. The
curator's lounge is here. Looks like they're still on dial-up!  At the heart of
journalism is a good ear.  Our satellite dish picks it all up!  It's the
journalistic duty to get the truth out!  One tower or the next!   From Studio
WDFCN we're bringing you the latest on security, or lack there of!  And mark
1..2..You step into the control room, the hub of all press releases!  Good
research is hard to come by.  Sometimes it's good to hit the books.   Who says
print is dead? The massive spools of paper spiral through the printers.   The
journalists write here, each with their sworn method of communication!  A
picture's worth a thousand words - looks like photographs for the papers! Let's
face it, being a vendor's all about supply and demand, demand and supply. The
steam pipes reveal that underground, there's work being done.  Each factory
floor has different manufacturing processes.  Means of production! Below the
tank that cools the factory is a maze of walkways to more tanks!  Next to the
design department, wheels spin that power the lower factory half.  The towering
platforms hover above a massive crane and...organ? The trucks come at regular
intervals to pick up their loads!  Don't be late!   A large series of tubes and
storage tanks feed into this one hand mixed pot!   You find yourself at the
entrance of a modern concert venue and gallery.   You're in a hidden and
darkened tunnel between the gallery and concert venues!  This room's ceiling is
shattered into triangular pieces. It's a play on light!  Wow. A floor to ceiling
display of avant garde creations made with electronics! A massive sculpture
celebrating the art of biology shimmers and glows.  The multiple floor tower
overlooks the concert venue. Lots to see here too! The DJ is IN THE
HOUUUUSEEEEEE.  Are you ready to PARTY?!?! The curators and technicians perform
delicate restorations here in the basement You find yourself at a world class
institution of hacking.  What will you learn?   Between the classrooms and
hallways, there's bound to be a tunnel around here  Old forgotten classrooms
hold secret classes led by those who've snuck in.  Cyberpunk meets mad scientist
- you find yourself in a wetware lab! This must be the old sewer system.  It's
still damp but otherwise empty.   This room must heat the rest of the
underground complex. Servers everywhere!   The geology students have access to
an old mine. Looks like a great find!  Waaayyy down, it looks like there are
minecart tracks leading away?!   Even though you're distracted, you should still
drum up some business!  You've managed to get enough business to keep the boss
off your back!  The corner tv glitches an old workout show, "Turn 180, squat -
you're on fire!" The corner tv glitches another show! "Short
steps!..2!..3!..It's hysteria!" A console labeled ARC Networks is blinking
insistently. No one else notices.   You've successfully reconfigured the ARC
Network console!  But is that enough?  IT is too focused around here. Even
donuts couldn't distract them.  You're in! You upload the financial records!
System overload! All doors unlock! A poster says
"0x2BFC8E2B3561C04FBBC73FA43D5D96540D0AA008B30924CE47DA0EC67530D3"   You've
figured out the secret to life!  A paper tape is draped into the machine:
"0xFEED B0B0 DEAD BEEF".  Your actions fed the paper tape into the machine. The
guards are all on alert!  The subway rails do not seem to be activated.  Wonder
what could power them.   You've activated the magnetic rails.  The traincars are
running again!  A stocked vending machine sits in corner.  But you don't have
any money!   You pour ramen broth in the coinhole & can buy anything in the
vending machine! As the light passes, you see a mural "Never forget to 0xFEED
B0B0 DEAD BEEF"   You hear the unclicking of gates.  Someone's trying to get a
message out!  The prisoners are pretty bored.  They're flipping 180s and doing
pushups!  The inmates these days talk in code. "I hope you 64'ed before you
8'ed" A hastily scribbled note reads "I will cause the shadow on the stairway"
The doors open and you feel a sense of relief *smirk*  A panel reads
0x2BFC8E2B3561C04FBBC73FA43D5D96540D0AA008B30924CE47DA0EC67530D3  All those
donuts make it hard to walk up, but at least you have a shortcut! You can see
how someone would break down here, the light just keeps blinking!  Ah sweet
relief, you manage to reconfigure the blinking light.  You've got to watch out
for the ninja hooligans.  They can be really sneaky!   Logically speaking, the
re-education curriculum is a 1-0!  You're having a midlife crisis.  Is being a
guard all there is to life? The thumbdrive you got pulls a switcheroo on the
monitor feeds...  It'd be a real shame if this leak got any worse. The guards
would be distracted!   DELUGE! The guards are all awash with panic and try to
rescue their clothes The proprietor will give you a key if you can pack the
house with events!  The movies are playing, the performances are rocking. You
get a master key! The lights aren't as bright as they could be. Elevator's dead
too...   The glorious lights have all come on!  I hear the elevator's working
too!  The film booth needs help!  The reel needs to be flipped 180 and re-set.
The film transitioned well. You're needed to connect parts 2 and 3! A stocked
vending machine sits behind the stage.  But you don't have any money! All of the
tips you received allow you to buy whatever you want!   The lights in the main
hall keep signaling that the show is starting. But when? The lights have
finished signaling and the show is about to start!  Main Control Box: [Please
enter the passcode]  Main Control Box: FULL ACCESS GRANTED.  Sing it!
0x2BFC8E2B3561C04FBBC73FA43D5D96540D0AA008B30924CE47DA0EC67530D3
Congratulations!  You've solved the meaning of life!   Before the night is over,
be sure to turn the ghost light on.  Sounds like the theater ghost is pretty
pleased with your work. Well done!  You've been "asked" to get rid of some
suspect material.   You got rid of it...was it the right thing to do??  By day
the light filters through this dome but at night, it's closed off.  Ahh - the
old lamps in the room come back to life - the room's open again!  A bookmark!
0x2BFC8E2B3561C04FBBC73FA43D5D96540D0AA008B30924CE47DA0EC67530D3   You've
unlocked a whole lot of knowledge. The world's your oyster!  A bookmark reads
"0xFEED B0B0 DEAD BEEF" - must be a band.  You hear gates opening up.  What new
worlds did you open?  The lights illuminate the collection, over and over and
over again  You fix the short, and the cabinet is well lit again!  The picture
looks a bit off, you should turn it 180 degrees and re set it.  Oh great, now
the second and third one need to move together.  Nothing harps on your OCD like
a missing card catalog!  You bring back old friends together!  And you find a
keycard!  The single connection to the internet is DOA. What happened to the
modem?  You're hooked into the internet!  What will you do with this power!?
The control panel awaits your input: [Access Code]  SUCCESS! You're in! Your
contacts can phone home!  Big story! Get all of the news outlets running!
Unreal! The news is making it out into the world!  A show guest wants to
demonstrate their cartwheels! The stream resolution which was at 64 bits is now
8?! Yikes.   A screen blinks nonstop and "0xFEED B0B0 DEAD BEEF" scrolls by.
Hackers!   You got the blinking to stop!  Still looks like hackers gonna hack.
If you're lucky the towers work, but what message are you sending?  Through true
hackery, you've figured how to send Pirate feeds while fooling HQ! As a
journalist you should go out and meet other members of the community.  By
visiting all of the departments, you realize you have a really juicy story!  The
writers look a little sluggish. Bring them some strong coffee?  They are pumped
up and fingers are flying across the keyboards! Torn papers:
0x2BFC8E2B3561C04FBBC73FA43D5D96540D0AA008B30924CE47DA0EC67530D3  You've found
the code that cracks it!  You're only really productive when you can keep the
lights off and still create!   You've managed to get the wheels churning all
while being green!   You need a variety of workers, best start those interviews!
What's the best way to get cheap but hard workers? Call them interns!  Moving
the large pieces by hand gets difficult. You need help!  Your new magnetron
system is the best!  And your interns thank you! The alarm panels in the small
control room keep blinking. Who knows why?   You've managed to get rid of the
alarm lights!  But is that actually safe?  Every now and again, it's important
to rotate the crane 180.   Once you've rotated, if you haven't already, connect
lines 2 and 3. A post-it reads "0xFEED BOBO DEAD BEEF".  Must be a song?  You
hear many clicking gates. It's just the tip of the iceberg! Make sure we've got
the flow of the goods going!   The tanks are flowing, and the secret cargo is
loaded up!  A formula
reads:0x2BFC8E2B3561C04FBBC73FA43D5D96540D0AA008B30924CE47DA0EC67530D3   The
secret to the factory reveals itself!  There are events you want to go to at
both venues...   Tricky tricky! You find a shortcut inside with a little help!
The gallery's show lights keep blinking in and out. Can you fix them?  You've
fixed them for now.  The show can go on! It's all about perspective. If you turn
180, you'll have a new one! From one angle, there're 64 colors, and from
another, 8!   The artwork is signed "0x FEED BOBO DEAD BEEF"  What seemed to be
random noise, is now something you control!  A note shines:
0x2BFC8E2B3561C04FBBC73FA43D5D96540D0AA008B30924CE47DA0EC67530D3 Success, you've
solved the mystery of life! The doors seem to be facades. But one has a keyhole.
With your lockpicks and keycard, you find yourself in a shortcut   You want to
dance with ALL THE PEOPLES!!   You have danced with ALL THE PEOPLES!! They love
you!  This artifact seemed to be surrounded by excess iron filings... You clean
things up with a trusty magnet! Something's happened! The building's full of
labs - one of which is blinking...a LOT. You manage to avert a rip in space time
by fixing the light!  Is it enough?!   You could probably get tidbits of
information if you listened to various people You've managed to pick up a lot of
extra information!  And now, when we take the chip and rotate it 180, it does
something different.  Back then it was encrypting in 64 bits, but now it's the
return of 8bits!  They say you gain extra powers if you manage to activate the
bio-upgrades!  The suspiscious USB stick, random disk, & notes grant you
unlocking skills! A wrapper says:
0x2BFC8E2B3561C04FBBC73FA43D5D96540D0AA008B30924CE47DA0EC67530D3   This is the
key, this is it!   A sticker on a server rack reads 0xFEED BOBO DEAD BEEF. You
hear a change in the pitch of the servers.  Something's different!  The computer
here is tapped into the door system.  By connecting old servers and wires,
you've unlocked the lower half!   The elevator looks a little shifty, but it's
still in use. How do you power it? Who knew magnets could be so powerful!  You
have easy access now!  Your time card is off the schedule - you're punched out!
Your time card is on the schedule - you're punched in!  The chef's fire has died
down and you're not eating.  Ordering anything?   In a daring move, you order
Chef's choice! The chef starts up the roaring fire! The mechanics are busy. You
download payment records on your USB drive. Careful!   You help the mechanics by
pulling codes off the cars. Job well done teamplayer! There is an unguarded
keypad here. You start pushing buttons. 0!   There is an unguarded keypad here.
You start pushing buttons. 1!   The button only works if you blow on it!  You
button mash a 0!  This button CLEARLY works better than that other one!  You
button mash a 1! The panel labeled "Communication" seems to be darkened.
There's no light.  You see a panel labeled "Communication" and you see glowing
from the robot! You see a large electric panel switch on the side of the wall
and latch it up!  You see a large electric panel switch on the side of the wall
& latch it down!  You push the up button.  You feel the lift go up.  You push
the down button.  You feel the lift go down.  You turn off the sweeping light.
Let the inmates sleep, or creep.  You turn on the sweeping light.  Something's
in the air tonight.   You unlatch the cell doors, all of them swing open for
yardtime.   You latch the celldoors, no more yard time for them!   A
thumbdrive's in the back of the pew.  Best to leave it alone. A thumbdrive's in
the back of the pew, you pocket it.  You walk down, keeping your hand close to
the rail. Just in case.  You walk up, keeping your hand close to the rail. Just
in case. The lie detector opens the containment chamber. If you're telling the
truth.   The lie detector closes the containment chamber. If you're lying.  You
pretend to be preoccupied with your feet. The other guards lose interest.
Hidden on the side, two wires are exposed. You tap them together.  When they're
not paying attention you notice a terminal window's open. 0!  When they're not
paying attention you notice a terminal window's open. 1!  The water valve's in
your locker. You close it and the drip from above decreases   The water valve's
in your locker. You open it and the drip from above increases You purchase
tickets for tonight's movie package!  You purchase tickets for tonight's concert
package! You help direct people to their destination. They tip you for your
help!   You help direct people to their destination but keep the ticket.   You
turn off the movie so the panel of actors can take Q/A from the audience!  You
turn on the movie and everyone pays rapt attention to the screen!  It's time to
set up the background.  The show starts on your cue!  The crew's waiting on your
call.  The show's paused.   From the back of the hall, you adjust the stage's
lift. You make it ascend. From the back of the hall, you adjust the stage's
lift. You make it descend.   A dusty keypad lights up as you try to enter the
passcode. 0!  A dusty keypad lights up as you try to enter the passcode. 1!
You're by a control panel. Get those lights going! Time to amp the crowd up!
You're by a control panel. Dramatic moment - lights off!   It's after hours,
probably best to wait until the librarian comes back  It's after hours, as long
as no one catches you, you need to get in.   Old levers line the wall.  There're
still some sparks! 0!  Old levers line the wall.  There're still some sparks! 1!
You step away from the fire, wouldn't want to burn any documents!  You step
closer to the fire, everything you have is burned up!. Up in the corner
bookshelf, you pocket a book on lock picking.  Up in the corner bookshelf, you
skip the books but take the card catalog!  You take cards tucked in the back.
The books start to fall!!   A stack of cards keeps the books up. You leave it
alone You see financial records of some prominent families kept here. You take
them.  You see financial records of some prominent families kept here. You leave
them. You look in the card catalogs and find a USB key inside. You take it.  You
look in the card catalogs and find a USB drive. You leave it hidden.   You plug
the USB drive into the computer.  You let it upload to the cloud.  You're about
to plug the USB into the computer but think better of it.  You switch the dish
to receiving HQ's news feed.   You switch the dish to receiving pirate stations!
You boost the power.  It reaches farther, but for a shorter period of time  You
lower the power. It reaches a smaller circle but for longer.   The lead anchor
is missing, you volunteer to present! Make up!  The lead anchor is missing, your
colleague presents, and you run the camera!   The techs let you press some
buttons - You start HQ's broadcast!   The techs let you press some buttons.  You
start the side ;) broadcast! A file reveals a USB drive and a stack of financial
records. Eh. You leave it.  A file reveals a USB drive and a stack of financial
records. You take them. You halt the printing presses.  Awww....   You start the
printing presses. Go Go Go!  You decide to play a prank and jump the clocks to 1
hour ahead! You hate pranks more than that kid who stole your story. 0 brownie
points!  You find old film.  Doesn't look very interesting. You throw them out.
You find old film. A face catches your eye...you definitely save this.  Let's
get the factory shut down - lights off!  Let's get the factory going - lights
on!   It's mostly steam leaving but you still need to fill the tanks. So you do.
Don't they say it's good to let the tank run dry?  So you do.  You start the
robotic machines.  They take a lot of power but do fast work! You start the
assemblers.  They take less power but are slower. As you walk down, you close
off various valves. As you walk down, you open various valves.  The design
engineers need some help troubleshooting.  You give it a try The design
engineers need some help, but you take their work instead.  This organ makes
sound!  You press a key - 0!  This organ makes sound! You press 1!   You toggle
a lever to start loading the truck.  You toggle a lever to stop loading the
truck.  You decide to mix the brew! You let the mix relax for a bit.   You
present your concert ticket stub!  You present your gallery ticket stub!  You
open the door to the gallery side.  You open the door to the concert side.  The
panels swivel! You decide to choose the green side. The panels swivel!  You
decide to choose the red side.  Hidden in an artpiece is a thumbdrive with a
note "Take Me". So you do. Hidden in an artpiece is a thumbdrive with a note
"Take Me". Silly artists. "Place hand here" - so you do.  "Place hand here"
You'd rather not. With a few tweaks, you could make this display interactive.
You're a consumer of art! You find it best to consume and move on!  You put your
left foot in! You take your left foot out! 0!  You put your right foot in, you
take your right foot out! 1!   To the side of the crates, you see a set of
lockpicks. You take them.  To the side of the crates, you see a set of
lockpicks. You leave them.  You find a USB stick on the ground.  You take it.
You find a USB stick on the ground. You know better and leave it.  You open the
door to the science lab.  Students stream in!  You open the door to the lecture
hall, students stream in!  The speaker advises you to take notes.  So you do!
The speaker advises you to take notes.  But you've got this and don't.  A
psychoanalytical test is on the screen.  Press 0! A psychoanalytical test is on
the screen. Press 1!  You notice some loose wires, and connect them together.
Something's happening! You notice some loose wires but think better of it and
leave them.  You connect some disconnected servers  You disconnect some
connected servers.  You upload the computers results to the main database.  You
do not upload the computer's results.  You take the elevator down to the floor
of the mine.   You take the elevator up to the main dig site.  The guards around
town are in a foul mood.  Best to stay out of their way!  The guards around town
are in a good mood!  Time for some urban exploration?   The stranger next to you
accidentally knocks your ramen on the floor.  Great.  The shop owner notices
you're hungry and gives you extra broth to take home.   The mechanic shoos you,
"We're busy here!" You trip ungracefully.  The mechanic finds an old book in a
car with a master key in it!   The clerk looks up, "Your visit is very important
to us. Please hold for help." An intern runs to you and tosses a new pilot into
your hands. IT invites you in!   Graffiti on the wall says
0x9E1CE2C2F6FBFE198637E6F10B957DDD50A7874177A51E  Graffiti on the wall says
0x536E65616B20466972737420466C6970205365636F6E64  You see a worker coming from
break, "Vending machines got donuts!"  You see a worker back from break,
"Vending machine's selling lockpick kits!"   It's a little too dark.  You're
sure others have been here before you though.  Someone's scratched lyrics on the
wall "Water, fire, air, and dirt..."  You see a flyer advertising a once in a
lifetime opportunity! Report to a guard!   You brush off a flyer on the wall.
Looks like a panel was hiding behind it! Security seems to be on high alert for
hooligans and shenanigans!  Security seems to be having a good time tonight!
Everyone's relaxed!   You're trying to take a nap but the inmates keep making a
ruckus!  The inmates practice a particular whistle. It's not melodic but seems
important.   "Combs are on pew 4. Avoid pew 6".  You find a book - there's
nothing inside!  "Lockpicks are on pew 2. Candy on pew 3".  You find a key
inside a book!   An inmate doesn't trust you, and decides to make a break for
it! Lockdown!  An inmate passes you a note: "Lights off, Game on." You hear a
rumor that if you mistreat the inmates, you can have full access You hear a
rumor that there are two shortcuts in the system.   A worn spot reads
0x9E1CE2C2F6FBFE198637E6F10B957DDD50A7874177A51E  A worn spot reads
0x536E65616B20466972737420466C6970205365636F6E64  A cameraman notices
inefficiencies and bulks up the security system The press group accidentally
trips over the wires - the monitors blank out! Looks like you've got a leak
here. We'll have to order in parts.   Problem with these pipes is, they're like
tapes, can't stick a magnet by them!  The attendant apologizes, "Sorry, we just
ran out of Behind-the-Scenes Passes"  The attendant realizes you'd probably
enjoy the Behind-The-Scenes pass. The stage hands run around chaotically.  They
can't find the MC!   The master of ceremonies flourishes on their suit jacket.
The show must go on!  The reporters thought this was a waste of time. It's not a
good review! The reporters are enthralled and write an amazing review! "It's
MAGNETIC!"  You see a worker coming back from break, "Vending machines got
donuts!" It's too dark to see anything. A lot of autographs on the walls here
though!   Did you see who's opening tonight?! "It's 0xFEED B0B0 DEAD BEEF!"  The
ghost of the theater is in a foul mood, break a leg!   The ghost of the theater
is in a good mood, the show will go well!  Security hated the ending to that
book! They're on high alert!  Security's found a good book to read.  They're
relaxed and not paying attention!   Engraved in marble is:
0x9E1CE2C2F6FBFE198637E6F10B957DDD50A7874177A51E Engraved in marble is:
0x536E65616B20466972737420466C6970205365636F6E64 I heard them say it was
here....You find a hollow book - there's nothing inside!   There are some really
choice classics here!  You find a key inside one of them! You run your fingers
along the back of a painting, looks like it's just dust!  You run your fingers
along the back of a painting.  You find a modem!?  An old newspaper cutout is
too smudged to read. Too bad.   An old newspaper cutout reads "Evidence of
massive breach lost in library!" "What an opportunity! You help them out, make a
little money on the side."  "I knew these people. Be careful of what you know
and what you hold onto."  You'll find the ghost of the library, if you turn the
lights off.  Maybe.  Would love to perform under the dome, but I need more
magnetism!   Best to hold onto everything, just in case it comes in handy in the
future...  Sometimes, when things are just no good, it's best to give it to the
fire.  Security just went through suspect identification training! High alert!
Security's watching the game!  They're relaxed and not paying attention!
Today's not your day, electrocuted, hands rubbed raw, better luck next time!
Good thing you studied!  You tweak the antennas to hit the busiest frequencies!
Now that you're part of the crew, I like my latte with lowfat milk! Now that
you're part of the crew, here's an access card!   You know that HQ wants us to
share the message of the day.  The secret is to match what's coming in with
what's going out  You see this circled in red:
0x9E1CE2C2F6FBFE198637E6F10B957DDD50A7874177A51E  A post-it note underlines:
0x536E65616B20466972737420466C6970205365636F6E64 A printing press expert inputs
the codes, but the machine stops working!   A printing press expert gives you
the password for the printing press computer. The witness you encounter only
remembers what they ate. No story :( The witness you encounter has a
photographic memory. You lucky duck!   Some noob comes and turns on the light
while you're developing your film!  Using zoom and rotate magic, you find
details from cameras never seen before!  Security was scolded by upper
management! They're on high alert!   Security's playing kick the can!  They're
relaxed and not paying attention! Another teacher remarks, "Gears? Yeah, don't
stick your hands in them." Your trainer mentions: "The gears control different
zones!" The interns you have accidentally break the machines... The interns you
hired have fully automated the work, regardless of the settings!   You see a
sign on the control room door, "Returning in 4 hours."   The operator walks out
and hands you an access card.  Keep it running eh.  One engineer gives you a
drive, "This'll fix the factory's problems."  An engineer pulls you over, "Take
this file and upload it in the control organ" Oh this old thing? We just keep it
around to look good. It doesn't do a thing!  We put in a backdoor in the organ.
It connects to the control room!   The factory floor got tagged:
0x9E1CE2C2F6FBFE198637E6F10B957DDD50A7874177A51E  The factory floor got tagged:
0x536E65616B20466972737420466C6970205365636F6E64  When trying to get access,
best to leave it to the pros.   Some things must be done in a certain order to
work!   Security's checking everyone's ticket stubs - they're on high alert!
The weather's amazing! Security's relaxed and not paying attention! Something
doesn't look right. We should go back up top. You encounter someone dismantling
the doors. Bring down the wall!  I don't think you're supposed to touch these
panels!   One of the panels here allows you to party without all of the
keycards! If you tune the radio in the artpiece just right, you reach HQ's
broadcast! If you tune the radio in the artpiece just right, you pick up a
pirate station! The journalist asks if you'd mind taking a picture in front of
the sculpture.  A little tip from the artist, if you connect bases 2 and 3,
it'll change.  You're afraid of heights, best to move on.  You perform a
soliloquy and due to acoustics, the curators hear you and love it!   The DJ
spins and sings: 0x9E1CE2C2F6FBFE198637E6F10B957DDD50A7874177A51E   The DJ spins
and sings: 0x536E65616B20466972737420466C6970205365636F6E64   We're glad you're
interested, but you'll need a ticket just like anyone else.  You are welcome to
help us anytime! Here's a keycard to get in. Security's checking everyone's id
cards - they're on high alert!   Security's day off!  They're relaxed and not
paying attention!  Why aren't you in class? Attendance is mandatory!  I'm too
busy, take this to the lab!  You can only use it once!  Classmates hand you a
slip: 0x9E1CE2C2F6FBFE198637E6F10B957DDD50A7874177A51E   Classmates hand you a
slip: 0x536E65616B20466972737420466C6970205365636F6E64   Another student says
you have to sign in to use the lab....?   Another explorer teaches you how to
pick locks, gain access...just in case. Looks like a dead end here. There's
nowhere to go!  You see a sewer grate by your foot. Graffiti arrows point to it!
If you have money, I have easy ways to get you through the complex. If you open
the panel here, you don't need to go all the way around!   The instructor points
at the pan, "Your turn to clean the bones up!"   Just in case you didn't know,
Bones 2 and 3 are connected by a bridge  Forget the mine climb up this ladder
and you're in the sewers!  Forget the sewers, just climb up these ladders.
They'll bring you up top!
